README.md, before:

![Backstroke](https://rawgit.com/1egoman/backstroke/master/assets/logo.svg)
Backstroke
===
A Github bot to keep a fork updated with any changes made to its upstream.
Heavily inspired by Greenkeeper.

## Add Backstroke to a repository
1. Create a webhook in either a fork or a upstream repository. (`Settings` => `Webhooks & Services` => `Add Webhook`)
3. Add `http://backstroke.us` as the payload url.
4. Create the webhook, and push some code to the upstream repository to see Backstroke in action.

## How it works
![How Backstroke Works](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/1egoman/backstroke/master/assets/map.png)

### For a contributor
1. You push code to Github.
2. Backstroke will create a pull request with any unmerged upstream changes.
3. You accept Backstroke's pull request, and have updated code. Merging your
   code back upstream later on is painless.

### For an open source maintainer
1. You get a pull request from a contributor.
2. Backstroke will create a pull request on their fork that lets them merge in
   your upstream changes.
3. They accept Backstroke's pull request, and you merge in their code.

<!--
## Advanced Usage
- `upstream`: A string following the format `user/repo` corresponding to a
  custom upstream to merge from into a fork. For example, adding a webhook on a
  fork with `http://backstroke.us/?upstream=foo/upstream` will create a pull
  request (on the fork) that merge in new changes from the custom upstream
  (`foo/upstream`).
-->

## FAQ
- **I don't see any pull requests on the upstream....**: Pull requests are
  always proposed on forks. Take a look there instead.

- **I didn't sign up for this and now I'm getting pull requests. What's going
  on?**: This is because the upstream added backstroke to their repository.
  Some project maintainers use backstroke as an easy way to keep contributor's
  local forks up-to-date with later changes, but if you'd rather tackle that
  unassisted, here's how to [disable backstroke on a fork](https://github.com/1egoman/backstroke/blob/master/assets/disable-on-a-fork.md).

- **Why isn't Backstroke working?**: Take a look at the webhook response logs. Most likely, you'll see an error. Otherwise, open an issue.

- **Is Backstroke really all that useful?**: If you never merge upstream, then no, not really. Otherwise, if you hate
resolving merge conflicts, then it's great.

- **Does Backstroke work outside of Github?**: Not yet. If there's interest, I'd love to give it a try, though.

## How to hack on Backstroke
1. Clone this repo locally.
2. Run `npm install`, then start gulp with `PORT=3000 gulp`.
3. Lastly, start the server with `npm start`.

-------
By [Ryan Gaus](http://rgaus.net)

Commit message:

docs: update readme and contributing

README.md, after:

![Backstroke](https://rawgit.com/1egoman/backstroke/master/assets/logo.svg)
Backstroke
===
A Github bot to keep a fork updated with any changes made to its upstream.
Heavily inspired by Greenkeeper.

## Add Backstroke to a repository
1. Sign in [here](http://backstroke.us/signup/login) with your Github account.
2. Add a new link:
  - Between an upstream and its forks: when the upstream changes, the forks are updated. (Most common)
  - Between two repos: When the first repo updates, update the second.
3. Press `Save` - that's it. Try pushing to the upstream to test out Backstroke!

## How it works
![How Backstroke Works](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/1egoman/backstroke/master/assets/map.png)

### For a contributor
1. You push code to Github.
2. Backstroke will create a pull request with any unmerged upstream changes.
3. You accept Backstroke's pull request, and have updated code. Merging your
   code back upstream later on is painless.

### For an open source maintainer
1. You get a pull request from a contributor.
2. Backstroke will create a pull request on their fork that lets them merge in
   your upstream changes.
3. They accept Backstroke's pull request, and you merge in their code.

## FAQ
- **I don't see any pull requests on the upstream....**: Pull requests are
  always proposed on forks. Take a look there instead.

- **I didn't sign up for this and now I'm getting pull requests. What's going
  on?**: This is because the upstream added backstroke to their repository.
  Some project maintainers use backstroke as an easy way to keep contributor's
  local forks up-to-date with later changes, but if you'd rather tackle that
  unassisted, here's how to [disable backstroke on a fork](https://github.com/1egoman/backstroke/blob/master/assets/disable-on-a-fork.md).

- **Why isn't Backstroke working?**: Take a look at the webhook response logs. Most likely, you'll see an error. Otherwise, open an issue.

- **Is Backstroke really all that useful?**: If you never merge upstream, then no, not really. Otherwise, if you hate
resolving merge conflicts, then it's great.

- **Does Backstroke work outside of Github?**: Not yet. If there's interest, I'd love to give it a try, though.

## How to hack on Backstroke
Read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/1egoman/backstroke/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

-------
By [Ryan Gaus](http://rgaus.net)
